{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
{\info
{\author Wolfgang Senges}}\vieww13960\viewh19520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa120\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Auf FrontPage:
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\pardirnatural

\f1\fs44 \cf0 Links f\'fcr Twitter, Facebook, Google+\
Google+ -\'a0https://plus.google.com/u/0/b/104744056212264166492/\
Facebook -\'a0https://www.facebook.com/pages/C3S/275522539151825\
Twitter -\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/#!/C3S"}}{\fldrslt https://twitter.com/#!/C3S}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa120\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Header
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sb170\pardirnatural

\f1\b\fs44 \cf0 C3S \'96 Cultural Commons Collecting Society.
\b0 \
Caring for Free Culture.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa120\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 About
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sb170\pardirnatural

\f1\fs44 \cf0 C3S is intended to be founded as a European non-profit collecting society managing musical works which are released under Creative Commons non-commercial and other free licences, including those under no licence at all.\
C3S is going to be shaped collaboratively by all members by full and equal voting rights for all. Any member may select the works she or he wants C3S to manage \'96 C3S does not intend to require exclusive licensing.\
In the short term, online & live licence rights are managed, mid term: B2B and physical licensing. In the long term, licensing for broadcast (airplay) is considered.\
Monitoring, reporting, as well as licensing and billing workflows will be automated, enabled by latest technology \'96 OpenSource preferred.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa120\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Blog
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sb170\pardirnatural

\f1\fs44 \cf0 In the works\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa120\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \'84Work\'93 \uc0\u8594  ersetzen durch...
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\pardirnatural

\f1\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Support C3S!
\b0 \
Yes. You got my vote. I want to be updated about C3S asap!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:go@c-3-s.org"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 go@c-3-s.org}}\
\
(Was findest Du besser... go@ oder vote@ f\'fcr die Email? Anderer Vorschlag?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa120\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 \

\b Contact
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sb170\pardirnatural

\f1\fs44 \cf0 For all inquiries please mail {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:info@c-3-s.org"}}{\fldrslt info@c-3-s.org}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa120\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \'84Welcome...\'93 ersetzen durch...
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sb170\pardirnatural

\f1\b\fs44 \cf0 C3S
\b0  represents the collaborative effort to found a 
\b new and ground-breaking European collecting society
\b0  for 
\b musical creators
\b0  to register their works outside of traditional schemes, released under 
\b free licences for commercial exploitation
\b0 . More than just for works published under 
\b Creative Commons Licences
\b0 , C3S is open for those as well.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa120\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Big Pic / Slider
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\pardirnatural

\f2\fs44 \cf0 \uc0\u8594 
\f1  Slider zwischen den FeaturePics (siehe unten)\

\f2 \uc0\u8594 
\f1  Funktion bei Klick bitte \'e4ndern: Preview funktioniert nicht auf iPad\

\f2 \uc0\u8594 
\f1  Klick soll FeaturePic mit passendem Text \'f6ffnen (siehe n\'e4chste Abschnitte)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa120\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 \

\b FeaturePic 1
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\pardirnatural

\f1\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Sketching it.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sb170\pardirnatural
\cf0 C3S spawns a new, international and mainly online based market, an opportunity for musicians who will not or cannot join traditional collecting societies to monetise their work without having to give up their way of licensing. Giving way to a regionally less contrained model, C3S in the long run is to offer subsidiaries in all European countries providing one streamlined licensing model.\
Free distribution for private use is always promoted by C3S, but might be restricted by the intention and licence of choice of the creator.\
Membership is going to be limited to creators only to avoid distortion of licensing topics by legal successors and publishers. Enabling the introduction to music and musical production, and promoting new ways in creation of cultural works, C3S will be open to all kinds of creators: professionals, semi-professionals and  prosumers. Additionally, cultural projects & education are supported.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa120\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 FeaturePic 2
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\pardirnatural

\f1\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 That\'92s in it \'96 for you.
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa120\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}C3S provides revenue
\b0  for musicians using alternative licensing models\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sb170\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}no upfront payment:
\b0  minimal member fees are deducted from royalties -   only if existent\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}secured minimal income: 
\b0 100% royalties as long as they do not exceed a fixed threshold\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}non-exclusive:
\b0  you select the works to be managed by C3S\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}pay-per-play:
\b0  distribution of royalties based on a 1:1 key wherever technically applicable\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}you are in full control of your rights
\b0 , C3S is in executive charge\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}you decide on free and legal usage 
\b0 of your music in non-commercial context\
{\listtext	\'95	}easy licensing of 
\b your works for games, advertising and films
\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}full and equal voting rights
\b0  for all members\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}transparency
\b0  for all payment and licensing proceedings \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sb170\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}less administrative effort for independent artists:
\b0  automated licence negotiations\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa120\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 \

\b FeaturePic 3
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\pardirnatural

\f1\b\fs44 \cf0 Others might like it too.
\b0 \
Key benefits for content providers, licensees & users:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sb170\pardirnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}simplified:
\b0  European licensing & clear tariff structure\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}one-stop solution in licensing:
\b0  brokering between content providers and licensees\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}embracing latest technology: 
\b0 automated playlist reporting, content search\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}creating new markets
\b0  for (net)labels & distributors\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}legal certainty
\b0  in usage of free licences for brands\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}simple and reasonable tariffs
\b0 , with predictable licence costs for promoters\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}free downloads, legal to share
\b0  for music lovers\
{\listtext	\'95	}educational support to 
\b raise awareness for copyright and free licensing
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sb170\pardirnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa120\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 FeaturePic 4
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\pardirnatural

\f1\b\fs44 \cf0 OMFG!11! Count Me In!
\b0 \
Yes. You got my vote. I want to be updated about C3S asap!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:go@c-3-s.org"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 go@c-3-s.org}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa120\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 FeaturePic 5
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\pardirnatural

\f1\fs44 \cf0 The Story.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb170\pardirnatural
\cf0 Preface: In 2005, Open Music Contest (http://www.openmusiccontest.org) is launched to become one of the largest and most important live music events for Creative Commons licensed music in Germany three years later on, with entries coming from all over Europe.\
\
[Sept 2009] Seed: Panel on the current situation of collecting societies (http://2009.a-2-n.de/dokumentation-2009/camp-09/verwertungsgesellschaften-und-rechtemanagement-1/) in Germany @all2gethernow2009.\
\
[Feb 2010] Birth: Meeting with representatives from GEMA, DPMA and lawyers from European Academy of Law in Information Technology (EEAR) (http://eear.de) at the German Patent and Trade Mark Office (DPMA) (http://dpma.de/english/index.html), who grants a collecting society\'92s official status.\
\
[Feb 2010] Decision: Let\'92s do the most unexpected. Start something all new. The indie\'92s collecting society, in a collaborative effort of artists and like-minded people. C3S \'96 caring for free culture.\
\
[Sept 2010] Concept: Presentation @all2gethernow2010. (http://a2n2010.sched.org/event/11354a84736fb38bf965c36dc3eb8b42)\
\
[May 2012] Online: Launch of website and social media.\
\
[end of 2012] Application: Submitting the application for being granted the status of an approved collecting society in Germany.\
\
[2013] Prototyping the workflow.\
\
[2014] Launch of daily operation.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa120\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 \
\

\b \'84The Heroes\'93 \uc0\u8594  ersetzen durch...
\b0 \

\b C3S is ...
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sb170\pardirnatural

\f1\b\fs44 \cf0 Marcel Hennes
\b0  (OpenMusicContest.org e.V.)\

\b Simona Levi
\b0  (Artist & Activist)\

\b m.eik michalke
\b0  (OpenMusicContest.org e.V.)\

\b Christoph Scheid
\b0  (OpenMusicContest.org e.V.)\

\b Holger Schwetter 
\b0 (Musical Scientist, University of Bochum)\

\b Wolfgang Senges
\b0  (ContentSphere.de // all2gethernow e.V. // pierlane GmbH)\

\b Michael Weller
\b0  (EEAR \'96 Europ\'e4ische EDV-Akademie des Rechts)\

\b \'85 and most of all YOU
\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb170\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
\
}